--------------------------
Day Zero
15th December
Learned Blender for an hour using trial and error method. 
Shading:
        Created an image texture. And applied it to a "face" and "eyes" and animated the whole lot using keyframe animation. 
The video is here. "The first wink" will be there in my projects folder. It's only 400 kB in size. That's surprising. 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ogZeT4iDZ6mkLRTr7gCaQhwzvcNhyzwm/view?usp=sharing
Link to the video.
This has been 13th December. 
I have to publish a paper soon and it's kinda secretive. I'll update here after I start working on it. 
Good day.
----------------------------
14th December
Day One
Made a pumpkin in blender. It was a professionally disappointing day. I tried to map the path of a camera onto a bezier curve but I didn't complete it. 
ROSCON, apparently, is happening in bangalore and a friend of mine is attending the event. I want to be there but I didn't even know it was happening. 
NOTE TO SELF: Be a bit more Aware. 
I have formed a solid concept of what my research paper is going to be about. I'll start the documentation today. I am not sure if I can publish it without extensive research or/and a mentor's support, but we'll see I guess. 
----------------------------
15th December
Day Two
No updates
I learned a bit of blender, and wasted a few hours in war thunder.
I have everything I need, except for the motivation. Looks like I too am stuck in this trap. I have to work on the research paper at least.
----------------------------
16th December
Day Three
It is already 17th December. I sarted learning python formally on 16th, wrote a program, in which I imported datetime and obtained current minute, and checked if it was odd or even, using a odd ={odd numbers manually typed from 0 to 60}
Ran it, and I was surprised to see how easy python was. Imagine doing the same in C. :'(
I love C but it might be time I moved on to python because I have rarely used it outside of the classes I take during my free time. I am no longer confident in taking classes as I can hardly write a error free data structure code in C without the help of chatGPT. 
Lazy, I have become. 
Will try to do more tomorrow (Today)
----------------------------
17th December
Day Four
I didn't do anything on this day. A total waste.
---------------------------
18th December
Day Five
Read a book for 2 hours. The undertaking.

Unity: 
Learned how to import assets, and learned how to make a terrain and use brushes on it. 
Made a project in which I added hello world text right next to a snowy mountain.

ROS: 
Learning right now as I am typing this. 
LOL
I completed the course intro and the course website wants m to pay 2499 DOLLARS!
It is absolutely worth it but if I can spend a bit more time, I can setup everything offline.

ROS2:
A better version of ROS optimized for industry. Secure communication, and real time response are two of the most talked about features. Although I don't know if the multi-threading feature is a recent addition or not. 
I saw the course plan and it had RVIZ under the debugging section, with another tool, so now I have an idea why RVIZ is used. 

THIS REALLY SUCKS. I THOUGHT I WOULD MASTER THIS BY THE END OF THIS YEAR. (THE BASICS) 
But, now this paywall.
I have to find an alternate resource. 
Like a youtube video. 
Except no one gives certificates for free duh.

I can see that the scope of ROS is MASSIVVE and I am not exaggerating it. 
The website actually has other courses that are free. Like python.
Makes sense as cloud-running python is not that computationally intensive.

Just had some milk and I am really tired. 
Will learn more tomorrow.

Rick and morty music RULES.
------------------------------
19th December
Day Six
It is 7:47, and what I have learned today:
Nothing.
I went to college and wasted my whole day trying to use docker to setup ubuntu in my laptop. Tomorrow I'll do it for sure. 
I want to learn web development so that I can make some money but to be honest it seems too difficult. I am easily burnt out these days. I need more sleep. 
Having said that,
1. C++/C is way harder than what I thought (programming in general).
2. The construct sim courses are good, I have started one. But the best ones are pricey. They cost 249 usds. 249 Inr is something I wince at. 
Having used open source software all my life, when something costs, I wince. O_O
3. There is a limit to how much will power you can use in a day. 
I'm going to commplete the Undertaking though. It's a well-written piece of work.
4. I spent an hour playing chess, and an hour in personality development. P. A. W. S ----> Professional, Academic, i forgot, and i forgotヽ(￣ω￣(￣ω￣〃)ゝ
---------------------------------
20th December
